Fix grammar in BUILDING.md (#984)
apple/container: BUILDING.md

    bin/container system stop
    ```

> 4. Use the Swift package manager to configure to use your local `containerization` package and update your `Package.resolved` file.

Reviewer: Let get rid of the redundant use of "use" as well. How about?

```suggestion
4. Reconfigure the Swift project to use your local `containerization` package and update your `Package.resolved` file.
```
